Want to Build a New Solution, This Solution will be used by students to compete in Art Challenges using AI to create pictures or poetry and then submit their creation in an event based competition, where 3 students that their creation received the highest number of vote will be considered as winner, the competition will first done between the student the same class, then the 3 winner of each class but the same will compete against  each others (their grade mate will be voting) and the 3 winners per grade will compete against their grade mates winners from other school. The solution will  be structured as following:

Home: is the solution landing page that will have nice layout and picture, 
About us : About us is the page that will explain the history, and the goals and Values of our Solution, 
Events: Will display all Upcoming and Current open Art Events either Poetry event or Painting events. In this page for each event the user will be able to See the Picture representing the Event, Event Name, Event Description, the Event Type (Poetry, Painting), The Event Status (Upcoming, Open, Closed) the Event Stage (Class, School, Country, Global). For Each Event the user with User profile “Student” will be able to Register, Unregister to Specific Event, Submit their created art 
Gallery: This page will have 2 sections to display the Pictures or Poeme that won the Vote of Student at specific stages.
Schools: This Page Will display the Schools that have registered to the solution. For each school, a picture of the School, the School Name, School Description, School webpage link will be displayed

Partners:  This Page Will display the Partner that have registered we us solution. For each Partner, a picture of the partner, the partner Name, partner Description, partner webpage link, will be displayed

CreArt: This Page will be displayed only to users with User profile “Student”. In the Page the Student will see all Open Events. For each open event, the user could submit only 3 submission.  Submission are possible only when the event is at Class stage. “Student” will be able to Register, Unregister to Specific Event.  When the Event is at Class stage student will be able to see the submission from student registered within the same class, the student will be able only to vote 3 submission from their Classmate, but they note vote for their own submission. The 3 Student Submissions that will receive the highest number  of vote will be considered as the winner and will be promoted to the event competitions. When the event is promoted at school stage School, the student will be able to see only the submission that have won that the class level from their Classmate as the same grade, and the students will be able to vote as well. And for each grade the submission that received the highest number of vote will be considered as a winner and will be promoted to event Country stage. When the Event is moved to the Country stage, only the submission that won at School level will be visible/available for vote, and student will be able to vote only for 3 submission from the ones that won at schools levels. Cross all the school the submission that received the highest number will be considered the Winner, The event will have a winner per Grade. 

TeacherDashord: The Teacher Dashboard is visible only to users with the Role Teacher, in this Dashboard the user will be able to See their Class, The Student registerer within their Class their Manage their Class, By Adding, or Deleting Student from their Class. They also Lock and Unlock they Class. When Lock the Class should not be visible in the class drop list for students to register.  In the Teacher Dashboard the Teacher should be able to see all open events and the submission my by the student registered in the Teacher Class. 
Admin Dashboard: This Dashboad will be only visvible to Admin profles the Admin Should be able to manage all user profiles (create, update, delete, lock) Admin should be able manage also schools, class, Grade (create, update, delete, lock). Admin should be able to manage event, create/update delete and also manage the change/promote the Event Stage  Class, School, Country,

